Clarify use of alternate keys (#1938)
oasis-tcs/odata-specs: odata-json-format/15 Delta Payload.md

## ##subsec Added/Changed Entity

Added or changed entities within a delta payload are represented as
[entities](#Entity). All entities within a delta response payload MUST include
the control information [`id`](#ControlInformationidodataid) or all of the
entity's key fields. The `id` control information MUST appear if any of the 
entity's key fields are omitted from the response _or_ the entity-id is not 
identical to the canonical URL of the entity. 

> When using a delta payload in an [update request] (#UpdateaCollectionofEntities), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a delta payload in an [update request](#UpdateaCollectionofEntities), 
```

[alternate keys](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/odata-vocabularies/blob/main/vocabularies/Org.OData.Core.V1.md#AlternateKeys) 
MAY be used in place of the entity's primary key fields. 

> A delta responses from an update request using alternate keys SHOULD include 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A delta response from an update request using alternate keys SHOULD include 
```

> the same alternate keys fields used in the request and MAY omit the `id` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all fields of the alternate key used in the request and MAY omit the `id` 
```
